== Bootstrap ==
Calls itself the world's most popular framework.
Frameworks allow you to easily apply styles to elements by giving them a certain class.

Including Bootstrap
---
One option is to download everything to your machine and link to it.
The easier option is to use a CDN (content delivery network).
CDNs are hosted versions of a stylesheet that can be accessed remotely.
To access all features you have to include scripts as well.
Bootstrap website has all you need to copy and paste to include in your webpage.

Containers
---
Give a .container class to an element to have a responsive container.
A .container-fluid is a full width container.
Adding a size to the end of the container class will give you a container that is full width
untill you hit the sm/md/lg breakpoint which then it will act like a normal container.

Buttons
---
Button classes have different types, success, primary, secondary, warning, etc.
Give buttons a class of "btn btn-primary" to give it the primary button styling and so on for the others.
There's options for block-level buttons, outline buttons, disabled buttons.
Consult the documentation whenever needed, don't feel the need to memorize class names.

Forms
---
Form-group is used to group a label and an input, apply it to a div wrapping both label/input.
Form-control is the class used on a form input itself.
Checkboxes have their own unique syntax that contains:
- A wrapper class of form-check
- Input of form-check-input
- A label of form-check-label
Bootsrap contains it's own customized checkbox called custom-control and custom-checkbox.
Bootstrap also contains custom radio buttons and custom toggle switches that are built
on top of checkboxes.
Forms have their own form-row class for the grid system that changes the default margin size.

Navbar
---
Navbar-brand class is used for the logo on your navbar.
Adding an image inside of the navbar brand will put your image logo on the navbar.
Nav-links can be add by either a ul with a bunch of li's or a div with a bunch of anchors.
A div of navbar-nav and anchors need nav-item and nav-bar-link.
The navbar-nav div needs to be wrapped in a navbar collapse clas to make it responsive.
Then add a navbar-expand-md/lg/sm to tell the browser when to expand the navbar links.
Lastly you need a nav-bar toggeler to create the hamburger menu and link it to your collapsable div.
The hamburger icon needs to have the bootstrap javascript included to be functional.

Bootstrap Icons
---
Bootstrap icons can be copied and pasted from the icons section of the website.
These are svgs which are scalable vector images which can be easily resized without losing fidelity.
Font awesome is another website with a lot of svg icons you can use when you sign up.

Misc. Utilities
---
Border utilities allow you to add css styles with a single class.
Shadow utility can add shadows to containers.
Spacing utilities used the syntax {property}{sides}--{size}.
- Property is either m or p for margin or padding.
- Sides is t/b/l/r for top bottom left right, x/y for horizontal or vertical, and black for all 4 sides.
- Size is one of 0/1/2/3/4/5/auto where 0 is least and 5 is most.
You can also add a breakpoint for added responsiveness such as pt-m-4.
Display class utilities can be used to change display of items depending on screensize without media query.
There are flexbox utilities as well to make it simpler to add flexbox.
Cards are very useful as well as the carousel component.
