== Opacity/Alpha ==
Rgba can be used to make a color more transparent.
The Alpha value goes from 0 - 1, 0 being fully transparent and 1 being solid.
We can also use the alpha channel for hex colors and that ranges from 00 - FF.
Opacity property can be used to determine the opacity of an entire element.
Alpha will only apply to whatever portion of the element as opposed to opacity.

== Position ==
Position controls the position of the elements on the page.
Use top, right, bottom, left values to configure the position once set.
Static positioning is according to the normal flow of the document. (default)
Relative keeps the element in the normal flow of the document but moves the element 
relative to itself.
- i.e. 50px to the left of its original spot.
Absolute removes from normal flow and positions the element relative to its closest
positioned ancestor.
- If no positioned ancestor exists it is positioned relative to the body element.
Fixed removes from the normal flow of the document and positions relative to viewport.
- Can be used to create a nav bar that stays at the top when you scroll.
Sticky has the effect of not being fixed until you scroll past a certain point and
then hovering in a fixed position when scrolled past.

== Transitions ==
Allows us to animate the transition from one property value to another property value.
Transition shorthand requires property name, duration, timing function, and delay.
- Duration controls how long it takes for the animation to happen.
- Delay controls how long the animation takes to start.
- Timing function controls how the transition happens. (ease-in, ease-out, etc)
Especially commonly used on hover effects.

== Transform ==
Allows use to manipulate the element on the page.
- Rotate takes angles in degrees, radians, etc..
- Scale takes a number.
- Translate takes a length value for x and y in one of the typical css units.
- Skew accepts angles the same as rotate.
Transform origin changes what point the element is transformed around.
Can use multiple transforms in a rule just separate them by a space.
Transformations applies to the parent element and its content.